well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
what we can learn from all of this
because there is something we can learn
and it's important and it can make our
lives better in the future who isn't
having a problem right now who was able
to get access to tests who was able to
fly out of anywhere there was an issue
who was able to isolate easily the
wealthy the wealthy that is going to be
true for every major coming event they
will find a way out that is why a lot of
the things that people are all like well
you know they wouldn't do that because
it's going to impact them - no it won't
it won't there are going to be more
incidents like this it's gonna happen as
climate change accelerates you will see
larger ranges for insects you will see
more and more stuff like this occur it's
been predicted for twenty years and it's
happening now when something like this
is going on as you certainly know if
you're on my Twitter feed stuff that is
necessary to deal with it becomes
expensive prohibitively expensive
but let me tell you what happens
immediately after it all of this stuff
is being produced on mass right now just
tons and tons and tons are pumping out
as much as they can because one it's
really expensive right now and then get
a premium on it and two there's a high
demand and they don't know how long that
demand is going to last so it's just
they're they're working overtime
producing as much stuff as they can to
deal with this scenario as soon as the
scenario is over all of that stuff is
available at rock-bottom prices if there
is one thing I have learned it's that
when this is over I'm gonna stock up on
the stuff that's needed and if you have
the means to make large purchases you
really should because they're gonna have
access to private hospitals and doctors
we want and our hospitals will be in
need again it will happen again this
stuff most of the stuff that is
necessary for this scenario they have
expiration dates on them but not really
as long as they're stored properly that
they don't really go bad as far as the
masks which you really have to worry
about as the elastic that's it and that
can be done you you can fix those you
can repair those there's gonna be a
whole lot of stuff like that that's
available for cheap that's the time to
get it and get more than you need get
more than your family needs because your
community is going to depend on you and
it is frustrating to have to try to
subtract this stuff down and pay an arm
and a leg for it
so if you are somebody that has the
means take it upon yourself rule 303 get
some of it in the store it properly it
will help it will save lives and if
there's one thing I hope everybody
learned it's make sure you have food in
your house I will tell you I'm not going
to say a brand but there are a number of
companies out there that produce buckets
that have 30 days worth of food in them
under normal circumstances that are like
seventy bucks right now if you can get
one or probably 300 you know it's not
delicious
but it'll keep you alive and it will
give you a sense of comfort any time the
shelves empty those will be cheap too
because they are pumping them out right
now so there will be a surplus when this
is over take advantage of it and get
prepared anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night